OK we've gone back over to the joke application and I'm going to refactor this to use Java configuration
and key thing that we can target is the Chuck Norris quotes class.
Now that is being brought in by an external jar.
And what we can do is declare that as a spring being and refactor this class.
So what we want to do is we'll change this up.
And rather than having this constructor do that we are going to do this
we just do this.
What that all new instructor.
So now this is going to be constructor based injected and this time just for clarification I'm going
to leave off the auto weired so because it's a single property and it's constructor we now we have to
provide a Chuck Norris quotes being in the context.
Now what I like to do is with in my application I'm going to come in and create a folder called config
or package
and that's where we're going to create a class new Java class.
We'll just call him Chuck configuration and we will add that to get so you guys can get that
and we want to add in the sanitation configuration.
And because because this is in the same path because we just talked about components scans.
So it's in the package structure of the joke application.
It's going to get picked up as a spring component.
And what we want to add in that property there.
So what was eco
Chuck Norris quotes.
OK so we have a single class here are a single method in the class.
And all he does is return back a new instance of Chuck Norris quotes.
Now I'm not done yet because that's not going to do the trick because we've declared the configuration
but we haven't told spring that we want it as a bean
will import that.
So now we have a configuration class being to return back Chuck Norris quotes and let's see this in
action.
I'm going to go ahead and run it now.
And we'll verify that our Chuck Norris quotes are still working.
So we can see that everything came up and started up normally and let's go over to Crome and see if
we still have him up.
It was.
So we can see the applications up and running again working normally.
So just to recap what we've done.
So I added a package for config.
No Chuck Norris configuration or Chuck configuration and returns back a single bean and we refactor
the implementation.
We still have the private property but I replace the constructor here.
That takes a single parameter of the Chuck Norris object.
Or Chuck Norris quotes object.
So that gets wired up and our our little application is continuing to function as before.
But I actually think it's a little bit cleaner implementation of it.
Even though this is a hard class and this is a good situation of where we're using a Java configuration
because this class is coming from an external jar and you will use this a lot when you're programming
in the Spring Framework when you're dealing with external jar's from an open source project or possibly
from another team that you don't control the source code.
So you bring in another dependency but you want to utilize that dependency within your application.